hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be showing you a galentine's celebration
so I have got my little cousin Ellen
coming around for the evening and we are
going to just have a really nice evening
in together and I'm really looking
forward to it so I've just put something
on which is fairly Valentine's ish red
velvet skirt and this pink top and now
I'm gonna go and set up
[Music]
you
okay this is the setup safe are
good night thank you mom Cheers
[Music]
what is she doing in our house huh
what are we easy Ellen
and what's a cool
Rollins galentine's pasta you're talking
about like Oregon a winner right there
the difference between can I go and get
in pajamas and we got this dude
[Music]
okay face mom okay
so when you put it on like wait just a
minute and then it will peel up no I
[Music]
this is this sheet it's gonna seem very
great on TV but
[Music]
okay
I
[Music]
first day of spring and I just want to
sing to everything that's moving every
single little thing to them birds flying
free fish in the sea
showers in the trees a little bumblebee
I wanna say boom
[Music]
to the kids play going loop-de-loop the
rainbow-colored bouncy balls and their
ice cream schools got my shoes and my
and my feet in the sand I got twenty
Dawkins in a row like a little marching
band and they say
[Music]